Clean up OS overview pages (#2235)
privacyguides/privacyguides.org: docs/desktop.md

### Kicksecure

While we [recommend against](os/linux-overview.md#release-cycle) "perpetually outdated" distributions like Debian for Desktop use in most cases, Kicksecure is a Debian-based operating system which has been hardened to be much more than a typical Linux install.

!!! recommendation

    ![Kicksecure logo](assets/img/linux-desktop/kicksecure.svg){ align=right }

    **Kicksecure**—in oversimplified terms—is a set of scripts, configurations, and packages that substantially reduce the attack surface of Debian. It covers a lot of privacy and hardening recommendations by default. It also serves as the base OS for [Whonix](#whonix).

    [:octicons-home-16: Homepage](https://www.kicksecure.com/){ .md-button .md-button--primary }
    [:octicons-eye-16:](https://www.kicksecure.com/wiki/Privacy_Policy){ .card-link title="Privacy Policy" }
    [:octicons-info-16:](https://www.kicksecure.com/wiki/Documentation){ .card-link title=Documentation }
    [:octicons-code-16:](https://github.com/Kicksecure){ .card-link title="Source Code" }
    [:octicons-heart-16:](https://www.kicksecure.com/wiki/Donate){ .card-link title=Contribute }

## Criteria

> Choosing a Linux distro that is right for you will come down to a huge variety of personal preferences, and this page is **not** meant to be the be-all and end-all of operating systems to use. Our Linux overview page has some advice on [choosing a distro](os/linux-overview.md#choosing-your-distribution) in more detail. That being said, the distros on *this* page do all generally follow the guidelines we covered there, and all meet these standards:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Choosing a Linux distro that is right for you will come down to a huge variety of personal preferences, and this page is **not** meant to be an exhaustive list of every viable distribution. Our Linux overview page has some advice on [choosing a distro](os/linux-overview.md#choosing-your-distribution) in more detail. The distros on *this* page do all generally follow the guidelines we covered there, and all meet these standards:
```
